This organization contains multiple implementations of DORA metrics. It is a place to discuss developer and DevOps metrics, such as DORA, SPACE, and DevEx. 

In our opinion, there is a lot of confusion in the industry about the usage of DORA, and how it fits into SPACE and DevEx. We think they are all complementary, and DORA, while not perfect, is the best we have - and we truly mean that in a positive light. 

We also recognize most organizations are still striving to reach DevOps maturity - with some pockets of maturity - especially outside of tech companies. From this perspective, we see a lot of value in using rough measurements idea of where we are with DORA metrics - assessing DevOps maturity with an order of magnitude measurement (hours/days/weeks), can provide a high-level understanding of where an organization stands. For most projects, this provides a broad overview of progress and helps identify areas for improvement - and for more focused, strategic projects or initiatives with significant DevOps practices in place, (usually easy to identify as they have scum masters, SRE's, SLA's, and/or continuous deployment practices), diving in deeper and to extract more accurate metrics may be necessary to measure success effectively.

Also important to point out that all metrics can be "gamed" or manipulated to achieve desired outcomes. It's crucial to exercise caution when interpreting metrics and avoid using them for direct comparisons between different projects or teams. Each project or organization has its unique characteristics, and a one-size-fits-all approach may not be suitable. Metrics should primarily serve as indicators for continuous improvement and understanding rather than as absolute benchmarks for comparison.
